docs(csm-vm): add code-to-cloud Dockerfile source linking section (#36897)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/vulnerabilities/_index.md

{{< img src="infrastructure/containerimages/image_layer_vulnerabilities.png" alt="A list of vulnerabilities associated with each layer of an image" width="100%">}}

## Trace production vulnerabilities to source code

> When a CVE is detected on a running container image, Datadog can link it directly to the Dockerfile and commit that introduced the vulnerable package. This closes the gap between a production alert and the code change that caused it, giving developers the context they need to remediate at the source rather than chasing package versions across registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Datadog detects a CVE on a running container image, it can link the CVE directly to the Dockerfile and commit that introduced the vulnerable package. This closes the gap between a production alert and the code change that caused it, giving developers the context they need to remediate at the source rather than chasing package versions across registries.
```
Hopefully clarifies what "it" in "can link it directly" refers to?

To enable this code-to-cloud mapping, add OCI image annotations to your container images at build time. Datadog uses these annotations to display a preview of the Dockerfile inside the Container Image Vulnerabilities panel and to surface the exact repository, commit, and file path associated with the vulnerability.

> {{< img src="security/vulnerabilities/csm-vm-dockerfile-panel.png" alt="The Container Image Vulnerabilities panel showing a Dockerfile preview linked to a detected CVE" width="100%">}}

Reviewer: This image seems to have gotten compressed somehow, so it's a bit blurry. It also shows a lot of the Ui, so it's hard to see which part is the relevant part of the page. I can help you make a more cropped version if you send me the URL, or maybe we don't need an image here?
